<h2>Iran War — Evening Update</h2><p>Trump extended the Strait of Hormuz
deadline by 10 days — Iran now has until ~April
7 to reopen the strait. Dubai crude benchmark at $126/barrel,
up 76% since the war started. Pakistan now acting as
intermediary. Iranian Red Crescent: 1,900 killed since Feb 28. In
Lebanon, 1,142 killed including 122 children.</p><h2>DHS Shutdown</h2><p>TSA workers should start
seeing paychecks as early as Monday, March 30.</p><h2>Financial</h2><p>Bank of America
agreed to pay $72.5M to settle Epstein-related lawsuit. Anthropic approaching
$19B annualized revenue.</p><h2>Apple</h2><p>Apple partnering with Google to use 1.2T parameter
Gemini model for reimagined Siri in iOS 26.4.</p>